# Page 55

Note: Switching between “Remote Control Mode” and “Content Transfer Mode” cannot be performed
while connected. After disconnecting in each mode, reconnect in the desired mode.
Acquiring Content from Video Only Models
Video-only models (please refer to the README for applicable models) do not support “Content Transfer
Mode.” In Video-only models, meta information such as recorded content are stored within “MediaProfile.”
The camera notifies the user of the URL to obtain MediaProfile through the device properties : Media
SLOT1 ProfileUrl, Media SLOT2 ProfileUrl and Media SLOT3 ProfileUrl. Please access the camera's
localhost port after setting up SSH port forwarding. The ports used for the PTP-IP connections differ from
those used for content retrieval. Determine the appropriate port number from the MediaProfile URL and set
up the SSH port forwarding based on this information. For guidance on establishing SSH connections,
please refer to Connection by SSH.
Please refer to the device property for each media slot (Media SLOTX ProfileUrl) for the URL.
Example URL: http://localhost:8080/A/MEDIAPRO.XML
Example MediaProfile:
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<MediaProfile
xmlns="http://xmlns.sony.net/pro/metadata/mediaprofile"
createdAt="2024-01-01T00:00:00+00:00"
version="2.30">
<Contents>
<Material uri="./Clip/000_0001.MXF" type="MXF" offset="0" dur="470" fps="59.94p"
aspectRatio="16:9" ch="8"
videoType="AVC_3840_2160_H422IP@L52" audioType="LPCM24"
umid="0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000"
status="none" flip="none">
<Proxy uri="./Sub/000_0001S03.MP4" type="MP4" dur="470" fps="59.94p"
aspectRatio="16:9" ch="2" videoType="AVC_Proxy_1920_1080_HP@L42"
audioType="AAC-LC"
umid="0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000001"
flip="none"/>
<RelevantInfo uri="./Clip/000_0001M01.XML" type="XML"/>
<RelevantInfo uri="./Thmbnl/000_0001T01.JPG" type="JPG"/>
</Material>
</Contents>
</MediaProfile>
MEDIAPRO.XML lists the URIs for each content. You can check the “uri” attribute of arbitrary elements
in the XML. The “uri” attribute in the elements of the MediaProfile XML indicates the location of the
content relative to the MediaProfile URL. According to the above example, since the MediaProfile URL is
http://localhost:8080/A/MEDIAPRO.XML, the “Material” file in the example XML would be located
at http://localhost:8080/A/Clip/000_0001.MXF and the corresponding “Proxy” file would be
located at http://localhost:8080/A/Sub/000_0001S03.MP4. Please perform an HTTP GET on the
URL to retrieve the corresponding files.
Camera Control PTP 3 Reference
