# Page 736

| Speed mode \ Speed step | Normal step | Extended step |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Normal | 24 | 127 |
| Slow | 24 | 127 |

Detailed SDIO_ControlPTZF Usage
The pan and tilt position range of pan/tilt type cameras varies depending on models. As for the settable
range of the pan/tilt positions, please refer to the ranges of values of Pan Position Current Value and Tilt
Position Current Value device properties.
These pan/tilt type cameras are assumed to be placed on a desktop by default. However, you can also use it
in a ceiling-mounted state by setting the “Setting Position” function to “Ceiling”. Regardless of whether the
“Setting Position” is set to desktop or ceiling, the pan coordinate is positive in the counterclockwise
direction when viewed from the zenith direction, and the tilt coordinate is positive in the zenith direction.
Pan/Tilt Position for Absolute drive
When issuing the SDIO_ControlPTZF command, set the ControlType information in Operation parameter

# 1 to determine the type of operation to be performed. Setting the ControlType to 1 specifies “Absolute

Drive”. This allows you to specify the pan and tilt positions using absolute coordinate values regardless of
the camera's current pan and tilt positions.
Pan/Tilt Position for Relative drive
Setting the ControlType to 2 in the Operation Parameter 1 of the SDIO_ControlPTZF command specifies
“Relative Drive”. This allows you to specify the pan and tilt positions by indicating a relative angle from
the current positions. However, if the specified relative value results in exceeding the Pan range of the
device, the command will be invalid, and the camera will not perform the Pan operation. Therefore, it is
necessary to check the Pan Current Position and the Tilt Current Position device properties to ensure that
the specified relative value positions do not exceed the allowable range.
Pan/Tilt Position for Direction drive
Setting the ControlType to 3 in Operation Parameter 1 of the SDIO_ControlPTZF command specifies
“Direction Drive”. This allows you to issue directional movement instructions for pan and tilt. “Direction
Drive” will continue to operate until the pan/tilt endpoints are reached, or an explicit Stop request
(ControlType=4) is received. When specifying “Direction Drive,” you need to enable the
DirectionDriveSetting data structure within the ControlPTZF binary data. The speed value must be
specified as a signed value, with counterclockwise being positive for the Pan direction and upward being
positive for the Tilt direction.
Pan/Tilt Speed
The pan/tilt speed value depends on the model, below settings, and drive mode.
First, there are two speed related settings called “Speed Step” and “Speed Mode.”
In pan/tilt type cameras, you can change the Speed Step setting as follows:
Please set “Pan-Tilt > P/T Speed > Speed Step” to “Normal” or “Extended” in the Web App menu.
The table below shows the magnitude of the maximum pan/tilt speed values that can be set for each model.
Maximum pan/tilt speed value for BRC-AM7
Speed mode \ Speed step
Normal step
Extended step
Normal
Slow
Maximum pan/tilt speed value for ILME-FR7
Camera Control PTP 3 Reference
