# Page 737

| Speed mode \ Speed step | Normal step | Extended step |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Normal | 24 | 50 |
| Slow | 50 | 50 |

Speed mode \ Speed step
Normal step
Extended step
Normal
Slow
For “Absolute Drive” and “Relative Drive,” speed values are specified as unsigned values, ranging from 0
to the maximum speed. For “Direction Drive,” speed values are specified as signed values, ranging from
the negative maximum speed to the positive maximum speed.
Pan/Tilt Home Position
Setting the ControlType to 4 in Operation Parameter 1 of the SDIO_ControlPTZF command specifies
```c
moving to the pan/tilt Home Position. Home Position refers to Pan Position = 0x00000000 and Tilt Position
= 0x00000000. Additionally, this command can interrupt even during pan/tilt operation. Therefore, if this
```
command is executed during the operation, the transition to the Home Position takes priority over the
previous command's action pan/tilt operation.
Pan/Tilt Reset
Setting the ControlType to 5 in Operation Parameter 1 of the SDIO_ControlPTZF command specifies
pan/tilt Reset operation. This operation may help recover the pan/tilt state to normal if it is not functioning
correctly. When the Pan Position Status or Tilt Position Status device property is “Unknown” performing
this operation may be effective.
Pan/Tilt Cancel
Setting the ControlType to 6 in Operation Parameter 1 of the SDIO_ControlPTZF command specifies the
pan/tilt stop or cancel operation. By executing this command, you can stop or cancel ongoing pan/tilt
operations such as “Absolute Drive,” “Relative Drive,” “Direction Drive,” and “Preset PTZF recall”
operations. When this command is executed, the ongoing operations are interrupted, and corresponding
events such as SDIE_ControlPTZFResult or SDIE_PresetPTZFResult are returned. Additionally, the
completion event for this command, SDIE_ControlPTZFResult, is returned. In this case, param2 will be set
to the ControlType value 6.
Preset PTZF Operation
The pan/tilt type cameras are equipped with a feature called Preset PTZF. This feature allows you to store
the current pan, tilt, zoom, and focus positions of the camera and associate them with a preset number,
which can be recalled as needed. This feature is advantageous for reproducing stored preset positions.
To store (Preset Set) or delete (Preset Clear) a preset position, you can use the SDIO_SetPresetPTZF
command. To recall a preset stored via the SDIO_SetPresetPTZF command, use Preset PTZF Recall
SDIControlCode with the SDIO_ControlDevice command.
The pan/tilt type cameras that provide Preset PTZF operation signal the maximum number of presets they
can hold using the Preset PTZF Number of Slots device property. The preset number specified in the
SDIO_SetPresetPTZF command should not exceed this value.
The data types used for Preset Set and Preset Clear in the SDIO_SetPresetPTZF command are under
version control. To check which version of the data is available on the Responder, refer to the
SetPresetPTZF Binary Version device property. For details on the data structure, see the SetPresetPTZF
section in the Data Format chapter.
When using the SDIO_ControlDevice command with the Preset PTZF Recall control code, the timing of
reaching the target field of view is notified to the Initiator using a dedicated event SDIE_PresetPTZFEvent.
Camera Control PTP 3 Reference
