# Page 51

| Initia | tor |
| --- | --- |
| loop l |  |
| Initiator |  |

| Resp | onder |
| --- | --- |
|  |  |
| Responder |  |

|  |  | PTP Remote Protocol Connected |  |  |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
|  |  |  |  |  |
|  |  |  |  |  |
|  |  | SDIO GetAllExtDevicePropInfo () _ |  |  |
|  |  | Data (SDIExtDevicePropInfo Dataset Array) - LiveViewURL (0xD278), Live View Status (0xD221) |  |  |
|  |  | Response (OK) |  |  |
|  |  |  |  |  |
|  |  | SSH local port forwarding for the HTTP port number is necessary in advance. |  |  |
|  |  | [Certain interval] |  |  |
|  |  | wait until Live View Status becomes Enabled. |  |  |
|  |  | GET {path of LiveViewURL} HTTP/1.1 |  |  |
|  |  | HTTP 200 OK |  |  |
|  |  | oop [Every frame retrieval] LiveView image data (in the form of LiveView Data set) |  |  |

Live View for Pan/Tilt Type Cameras
Live View Sequence for pan/tilt type cameras:
The Live View sequence for the pan/tilt type cameras such as the BRC-AM7 or ILME-FR7, is different
from the sequence described in Live View. To get live-view images from the one, you would need to check
```c
LiveViewURL (0xD278) and Live View Status (0xD221) device property values. By checking the
```
LiveViewURL device property, you would need to set up the SSH local port forwarding towards the HTTP
port which is present in LiveViewURL in advance so you can connect to the HTTP server that feeds live-
view images. The following is the OpenSSH command example to establish a local port fowarding to the
camera HTTP server.
ssh -c aes128-ctr -N -L 8080:localhost:8080 UserName@192.168.122.1
```c
If the Live View Status value is set to Enabled (0x01), it indicates that now you can get the live-view
```
images via the LiveViewURL. You can send the HTTP GET {path of LiveViewURL} method to the port-
forwarded local port to get the live-view images in a continuous manner. The live-view images are HTTP
chunks encoded in the form of LiveView Dataset. See the details of the data format of LiveView Dataset in
GetObject.
Responder
Initiator
Responder
Initiator
SSH local port forwarding for the HTTP port number is necessary in advance.
wait until Live View Status becomes Enabled.
loop
[Certain interval]
loop
[Every frame retrieval]
PTP Remote Protocol Connected
​
SDIO_GetAllExtDevicePropInfo ()
```c
Data (SDIExtDevicePropInfo Dataset Array) - LiveViewURL (0xD278), Live View Status (0xD221)
```
Response (OK)
GET {path of LiveViewURL} HTTP/1.1

## HTTP 200 OK

LiveView image data (in the form of LiveView Data set)
```c
The following are some of the reasons why the Live View Status value is Disabled (0x00) for the pan/tilt
```
type cameras. For successful live-view image retrieval, you may need to eliminate the following conditions.
Simultaneous connection numbers for the live-view image retrieval exceeds its max of 5 (including
Web App Live viewer).
HDMI monitor connected to the pan/tilt type cameras does not have the capability to display the
configured Monitoring Output Format.
The pan/tilt type cameras are under a standby state.
Camera Control PTP 3 Reference
