# Page 735

| Initi | ator |
| --- | --- |
|  |  |
| Initiator |  |

| Resp | onder |
| --- | --- |
|  |  |
| Responder |  |

|  | PTP Remote Protocol Connected |  |  |  |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
|  |  |  |  |  |
|  |  |  |  |  |
|  | SDIOControlPTZF (Param1 = 0x0001 : Control Type) _ |  |  |  |
|  | Data (Pan exist = 1, PanPosition = 17500000, Pan Speed = 1, Tilt exist = 1, Tilt Position = 0, Tilt Speed = 50) |  |  |  |
|  | Response (OK) |  |  |  |
|  | SDIEOperationResults (param2 = 0x00000001(OK)) _ |  |  |  |
|  | After a while... SDIEControlPtzfResult (param1 = 0x00000001(OK) : Results, param2 : Control Type) _ |  |  |  |

Specification of the dummy firmware file.
File Size: 200 MB – 1.5 GB
Data: any
PTZF Operation
In pan/tilt type cameras, the SDIO_ControlPTZF command is supported. This command allows
simultaneous control of pan and tilt.
The SDIO_ControlPTZF command uses the ControlPTZF Binary data structure in the Data packet, which
enables various types of pan/tilt control such as absolute movement, relative movement, speed-specified
movement, stop instruction. The ControlPTZF Binary data structure is under version control and may be
extended or changed in the future. To check which version of the ControlPTZF Binary data is in use by the
```c
Responder, please refer to ControlPTZF Binary Version(0xE0C0) device property.
```
The pan and tilt resolution of supported models may differ. Please note that it may include quantization
errors. Therefore, after issuing a pan/tilt movement instruction, the reached position information can be
```c
confirmed by Pan Position Current Value(0xE0B6) and Tilt Position Current Value(0xE0B8) device
```
property, respectively.
When moving the pan and tilt, pan and tilt speed parameters are also required. The speed range is
determined by a combination of the “Speed Step” and “Speed Mode” settings. You can check these settings
via the Web App menu by navigating to the “Pan-Tilt > P/T Speed > Speed” page. Additionally, the
maximum speed value that can be specified depends on the model and “Speed Step” setting. For the
differences in speed range for each model, please refer to the Detailed SDIO_ControlPTZF Usage. If the
designated speed exceeds the maximum speed for Normal step but is within the range of the maximum
speed for Extended step, the camera will move at the maximum speed for Normal step.
To ensure successful remote control, please note that the transmission interval for the SDIO_ControlPTZF
command should be more than 100 ms.
The execution result of the SDIO_ControlPTZF command is returned as SDIE_ControlPTZFResult.
Below is an example sequence for the SDIO_ControlPTZF command when Control Type is set to
“Absolute Drive.”
Responder
Initiator
Responder
Initiator
After a while...
PTP Remote Protocol Connected
​
```c
SDIO_ControlPTZF (Param1 = 0x0001 : Control Type)
```
Data (Pan exist = 1, PanPosition = 17500000, Pan Speed = 1, Tilt exist = 1, Tilt Position = 0, Tilt Speed = 50)
Response (OK)
```c
SDIE_OperationResults (param2 = 0x00000001(OK))
SDIE_ControlPtzfResult (param1 = 0x00000001(OK) : Results, param2 : Control Type)
```
Camera Control PTP 3 Reference
