# Page 52

Live View Image Quality by Numerical Value Device Property
When monitoring live-view images, you may wish to adjust the image quality. Please be aware that higher
resolution or image quality requires increased bandwidth for live-view monitoring.
For pan/tilt type cameras, the Live View Image Quality by Numerical Value device property enables you to
control the quality of the live-view images. Increasing the value of this device property will enhance the
quality of the live-view images.
Changing Live View Image Resolution
In addition to the aforementioned image quality device property, no straightforward way exists to change
the resolution of live-view images via PTP Device Property for the pan/tilt type cameras. To modify the
resolution, you will need to access the camera's Web App settings page. Please navigate to “Stream > Video
Stream > Video Stream 3 > Size 3” and adjust the setting to your desired resolution. Please note that
changing the Size 3 resolution will also affect the resolution of the live-view images displayed in the Web
App Live viewer.
Movie Recording
Recorded movie files are stored in the memory card in the camera.
Content Transfer Mode
To enter content transfer mode, use SDIO_OpenSession setting function mode to “Content Transfer Mode”
and SDIO_SetContentsTransferMode. Content transfer mode is used to access the memory card and
download its content to the host. While in content transfer mode, images cannot be captured, live view is
unavailable, and properties and controls cannot be adjusted.
Models that support “Remote Control with Transfer Mode” allow both content transfer and remote control.
For more details, refer to the Remote Control with Transfer Mode section in the Tips chapter.
Camera Control PTP 3 Reference
