# Page 746

<FileFormatVersion version="1">
Attribute:
version: A UINT32 value that matches the integer part of the revision of this specification. If
the Camera does not support the specified version, no settings will be applied, and no
“GeneralSettingResultFile” will be generated. Only version="1" is currently supported.
Group
Groups one or more “Item” elements.
Attributes: None.
Item
Groups one or more “Param” elements.
Attributes:
id: A UINT32 value that uniquely identifies the “Item.” It is defined in Item Data Structure
Details.
label: A UTF-8 string label for readability purposes only. This field is not used for control. It is
defined in Item Data Structure Details.
preset: A UINT32 value that is used when multiple preset configuration values exist. It is
defined in Item Data Structure Details.
Param
Represents individual parameters within an “Item.”
Attributes:
id: A UINT32 value that uniquely identifies the Param. It is defined in Item Data Structure
Details.
label: A UTF-8 string label for readability purposes only. This field is not used for control. It is
defined in Item Data Structure Details.
Specific rules for SDIGeneralSettingFile
Root node
The root node is fixed as the following element (tag):
<CameraSetting>
“value” attribute in “Param” element
Specifies the value to set or confirm for the Camera. It is defined in Item Data Structure Details.
Determining applicability
Elements with unknown “id” attributes are ignored and not applied. These elements are also
excluded from the GeneralSettingResultFile.
Applicability is determined at the “Group” level. If even one element within a “Group” cannot be
applied, none of the settings within that “Group” will be applied.
Omission of “Params” within “Items”
As “Items” are composed of “Params” that need to be applied collectively, omitting any “Params”
within “Items” is prohibited.
Specific rules for GeneralSettingResultFile
Root node
The root node is fixed as the following element (tag):
Camera Control PTP 3 Reference
