# Page 160

| Value | Description |
| --- | --- |
| variable | Bit7-0 is slot number Bit31-8 is reserved |

| Value | Description |
| --- | --- |
| variable | Bit1-0 is time type 0b00:UTC, 0b01:localtime Bit31-2 is reserved |

| Field | Value |
| --- | --- |
| Operation Code | 0x923D |
| Operation Parameter 1 | contentID |
| Operation Parameter 2 | slot and fileID |
| Operation Parameter 3 | Offset in bytes (lower 32bits) |
| Operation Parameter 4 | Offset in bytes (upper 32bits) |
| Operation Parameter 5 | Maximum number of bytes to obtain, And End Point Info |
| Data | Object Binary Data |
| Data Direction | R->I |
| Response Code | OK, Operation Not Supported, Session Not Open, Invalid TransactionID, _ _ _ _ _ Device Busy, Parameter Not Supported, Camera Status Error _ _ _ _ _ |

Extra1
Value
Description
variable
Bit7-0 is slot number
Bit31-8 is reserved
Extra2
Value
Description
variable
Bit1-0 is time type 0b00:UTC, 0b01:localtime
Bit31-2 is reserved
Data
For further information on Content Info List Binary Data, refer to ContentInfoListBinary.
Note
The actual number of contents is subject to change based on the conditions at the time of acquisition. If any
content is deleted during the list retrieval process, the valid content will be compacted towards the front,
and the remaining space will be filled with zeros. This can be identified by checking if the content_type is
set to zero. It is important to note that the presence of content in the list does not guarantee its existence, as
content that has been transmitted may be deleted. In the event of any changes to the content list, a
SDIE_ContentInfoListChanged notification will be triggered. Depending on the circumstances, please
ensure to reacquire the list to reflect the most current data.
SDIO_GetContentData
Summary
Get Content Data.
Description
Field
Value
Operation Code
```c
0x923D
```
Operation
Parameter 1
contentID
Operation
Parameter 2
slot and fileID
Operation
Parameter 3
Offset in bytes (lower 32bits)
Operation
Parameter 4
Offset in bytes (upper 32bits)
Operation
Parameter 5
Maximum number of bytes to obtain, And End Point Info
Data
Object Binary Data
Data Direction

## R->I

Response Code
OK, Operation_Not_Supported, Session_Not_Open, Invalid_TransactionID,
Device_Busy, Parameter_Not_Supported, Camera_Status_Error
Camera Control PTP 3 Reference
