# Page 48

| Initi | ator |
| --- | --- |
|  |  |
| Initiator |  |

| Resp | onder |
| --- | --- |
|  |  |
| Responder |  |

|  | PTP connected |  |
| --- | --- | --- |
|  | SDIO ControlDevice(SDIOControlCode = 0xD314 (Create New Folder)) _ |  |
|  | Data(SDIControl Value = “Folder Name”) |  |
|  | Response (OK) |  |
|  | Create Folder SDIE OperationResults(Param2 = 0x00000001 (OK)) _ |  |

S1 indicates the half-pressing shutter release button, and S2 is the full-pressing shutter release button.
Therefore, the Initiator can control the interval from push to release using the S2 on/off. But this should
emulate the camera’s hardware operation; the Initiator should call in proper order like S1 on → S2 on → S2
off → S1 off. If the Initiator does not send data in the proper order, the camera’s behavior is not ensured.
By contrast, a one-shot release command can be used independently. Therefore, that if the camera is in an
acceptable mode (single-shot drive mode), the Initiator can send a one-shot release command anytime.
Note: The Initiator cannot obtain the shooting results. If the device property Shooting File Info is not zero,
```c
and the most significant bit (0x8000) is set, the camera shoots, and the image is stored in the buffer.
```
The Initiator can send a differential for up/down controls such as the F-number, shutter speed, ISO,
exposure compensation, and flash compensation. For example, a differential is one step plus/minus or two
steps plus/minus. The results of the change will only be sent to the Initiator if it queries the device property
values again.
About Events
Camera Control PTP supports Events to notify various types of information. These Events are used to
notify the Initiator when it is ready to issue commands, to inform about changes in the device's status, and
to report the results of command execution, among other things.
Example sequence of creating a folder and awaiting its completion:
Responder
Initiator
Responder
Initiator
PTP connected
Create Folder
```c
SDIO_ControlDevice(SDIOControlCode = 0xD314 (Create New Folder))
```
Data(SDIControl Value = “Folder Name”)
Response (OK)
```c
SDIE_OperationResults(Param2 = 0x00000001 (OK))
```
Camera Control PTP 3 Reference
