# Page 37

Overview
The “Camera Control PTP” is based on PTP (Picture Transfer Protocol), MTP (Media Transfer Protocol),
and PTP-IP (PTP over TCP/IP networks). It uses the PTP vendor extended commands. All vendor-extended
operations are prefixed with SDIO_ and events with SDIE_ in this document. This document lists the
command specifications and explains how to use the “Camera Control PTP” function. Please refer to the
PIMA 15740 standard, the USB Still Image Capture Device definition, the Media Transfer Protocol Spec
document, and the CIPA DC-005-2005 standard for further explanations on these protocols.
"Camera Control PTP" operates with the same sequence and commands after establishing a PTP or PTP-IP
connection. For details on IP connections, please refer to For Connections Using PTP-IP.
The “Camera Control PTP” sequence consists of the following parts: connect, get device properties, get
image files, set device properties, and send control commands. The protocol is described in detail in the
following pages. Here is an overall sequence.
In this communication sequence, the Initiator, such as the PC application software, should not use PTP
vendor events because earlier camera models do not guarantee that all events are delivered. The Initiator
must periodically obtain the properties (status) of the Responder, that is, the camera, if the Responder and
Initiator are not busy, such as when transferring image files. Events are suitable if the application only
targets recent camera models (2019 or later). In this case, ensure that your application constantly receives
all the USB queue buffers; otherwise, some events may be dropped.
To obtain these properties, use SDIO_GetAllExtDevicePropInfo. The property structure includes all
available camera statuses (such as shutter speed, F-number, ISO), information about queued images in the
transfer buffer in the camera, and each property’s enabled/disabled status.
Camera Control PTP 3 Reference
