# Page 49

| Initi | ator |
| --- | --- |
|  |  |
| Initiator |  |

| Resp | onder |
| --- | --- |
|  |  |
| Responder |  |

|  | PTP Remote Protocol Connected |  |  |  |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
|  |  |  |  |  |
|  |  |  |  |  |
|  | SDIO GetAllExtDevicePropInfo () _ |  |  |  |
|  | Data (SDIExtDevicePropInfo Dataset Array) |  |  |  |
|  | Response (OK) |  |  |  |
|  | GetObjectInfo (ObjectHandle=0xFFFFC001) |  |  |  |
|  | Data (ObjectInfo Dataset) |  |  |  |
|  | Response (OK) |  |  |  |
|  | GetObject (ObjectHandle=0xFFFFC001) |  |  |  |
|  | Data (Image File Binary) |  |  |  |
|  | Response (OK) |  |  |  |

Get Image File
Get a File Sequence:
Responder
Initiator
Responder
Initiator
PTP Remote Protocol Connected
SDIO_GetAllExtDevicePropInfo ()
Data (SDIExtDevicePropInfo Dataset Array)
Response (OK)
```c
GetObjectInfo (ObjectHandle=0xFFFFC001)
```
Data (ObjectInfo Dataset)
Response (OK)
```c
GetObject (ObjectHandle=0xFFFFC001)
```
Data (Image File Binary)
Response (OK)
The Initiator uses the GetObject command to obtain the image file from the buffer. To obtain the image in
```c
the buffer, use 0xFFFFC001 as the object handle. This fixed value always indicates the first file to be
```
transferred. The Initiator should get the same object handle repeatedly until the value of the device property
Shooting File Info becomes zero.
GetObjectInfo (a PTP standard command) is also available. The Initiator can understand the file type based
on the object-format value in the ObjectInfo structure.
In the DCF (Exif) specification, if the image file has “AdobeRGB” color space, the image file name should
start with “_” (e.g., _DSC0000.JPG). However, the Initiator cannot obtain the color space information from
GetObjectInfo. The Initiator then needs to parse the Exif tags in the image.
When the Initiator sets “RAW+JPEG” or “RAW+HEIF” as the file format, you might want to distinguish
the pair of RAW and JPEG or RAW and HEIF. To do this, check the sequence number in the ObjectInfo
```c
structure that the Initiator can obtain using GetObjectInfo. The file order is JPEG/HEIF, then RAW.
```
Therefore, if the image the Initiator receives is a RAW file, the previous image is a JPEG or HEIF file, and
the sequence numbers are the same, it would be the RAW and JPEG/HEIF pair. But the sequence number
starts from the same value each time you turn on the camera; if you shoot one JPEG/HEIF via remote and
Camera Control PTP 3 Reference
