# Page 738

| Initi | ator |
| --- | --- |
|  |  |
| Initiator |  |

| Resp | onder |
| --- | --- |
|  |  |
| Responder |  |

|  | PTP Remote Protocol Connected |  |  |  |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
|  |  |  |  |  |
|  |  |  |  |  |
|  | SDIOSetPresetPTZF (Type of Data = 0x0000001 (Preset Set)) _ |  |  |  |
|  | Data (SetPresetPTZF Binary - Preset Set [Preset number = 1, Setting type = 1, Thumbnail = 1(ON)]) |  |  |  |
|  | Response (OK) |  |  |  |
|  | Perform some PTZ operations SDIOControlDevice (param1 = 0xF015 (Preset PTZF Recall), param2 = Flag of Device Property Option = 1) _ |  |  |  |
|  | UINT16 (0x0001 (Preset number 1)) |  |  |  |
|  | Response (OK) |  |  |  |
|  | SDIEOperationResults (param1 = Preset PTZF Recall(0xF015), param2 = OK(0x00000001)) _ |  |  |  |
|  | After a while... SDIEPresetPTZFEvent (param1 = Drive Stopped(Completed)(0x00000001)) _ |  |  |  |

As an example sequence for SDIO_SetPresetPTZF Preset Set and Preset PTZF recall operations, see the
following sequence diagram. This mechanism is used to store a Preset PTZF position as an associated
preset number and recall the stored Preset PTZF positions using SDIO_ControlDevice command.
Since recalling Preset PTZF positions takes some time to complete, two types of events are signaled: (1)
when the command requested is successfully acknowledged by the Responder or not
(SDIE_OperationResults) and (2) when the recall operation is completed (SDIE_PresetPTZFEvent).
Responder
Initiator
Responder
Initiator
Perform some PTZ operations
After a while...
PTP Remote Protocol Connected
```c
SDIO_SetPresetPTZF (Type of Data = 0x0000001 (Preset Set))
```
Data (SetPresetPTZF Binary - Preset Set [Preset number = 1, Setting type = 1, Thumbnail = 1(ON)])
Response (OK)
```c
SDIO_ControlDevice (param1 = 0xF015 (Preset PTZF Recall), param2 = Flag of Device Property Option = 1)
UINT16 (0x0001 (Preset number 1))
```
Response (OK)
```c
SDIE_OperationResults (param1 = Preset PTZF Recall(0xF015), param2 = OK(0x00000001))
SDIE_PresetPTZFEvent (param1 = Drive Stopped(Completed)(0x00000001))
```
Remote Control with Transfer Mode
“Remote Control with Transfer Mode” allows both remote control and transfer of captured content in the
media without changing the connection mode of SDIO_OpenSession.
To connect using “Remote Control with Transfer Mode,” specify “Remote Control with Transfer Mode” as
a parameter when using SDIO_OpenSession during the OpenSession step of the Connect sequence.
Whether the camera supports this mode can be checked via the X_PTP_ContentsTransferSupport tag in
the DigitalImagingDesc.xml file. If this tag exists and its value is “Enable,” connection using “Remote
Control with Transfer Mode” is possible.
Refer to Device Discovery for information on how to obtain the DigitalImagingDesc.xml file.
Alternatively, it can be retrieved by executing SDIO_GetDeviceDescriptionFile. This method is valid for
both USB and IP connections. SDIO_GetDeviceDescriptionFile can be executed before
SDIO_OpenSession.
Acquiring captured content in “Remote Control with Transfer Mode” is achieved using the operations
described in the sequence below, rather than using “ObjectHandle” or “GetObject” as in Content Transfer
Mode.
Note:
When using Get Image File and Live View while connected in “Remote Control with Transfer Mode,” it is
necessary to enable the features using Set PostView Enable and Set LiveView Enable, respectively.
Camera Control PTP 3 Reference
