# Page 137

| Field | Field Order | Size (Bytes) | Datatype |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| Version | 1 | 4 | UNIT32 |
| CustomGridLineFile Index | 2 | 1 | UINT8 |
| Reserved[3] | 3 | 3 | UINT8 |
| CustomGridLineFileNameSize | 4 | 4 | UNIT32 |
| CustomGridLineFileName | 5 | variable | UINT8 Array |

| Value | Description |
| --- | --- |
| 0x11 | Custom 1 |
| 0x12 | Custom 2 |
| … | … |
| 0x14 | Custom 4 |

CustomGridLineFileImport Dataset
Field
Field Order
Size (Bytes)
Datatype
Version

## UNIT32

CustomGridLineFile Index

## UINT8

Reserved[3]

## UINT8

CustomGridLineFileNameSize

## UNIT32

CustomGridLineFileName
variable
```c
UINT8 Array
```
CustomGridLineFile Index
Value
Description
```c
0x11
```
Custom 1
```c
0x12
```
Custom 2
…
…
```c
0x14
```
Custom 4
Note
If ControlType is BaseLookImport.
Set the index value of the import destination (User1 to User16).
ControlType (BaseLookImport) can be set only when the device property BaseLookImport Command
```c
Version is Display Only (0x02).
```
Set the value of BaseLookImport Command Version to Version of BaseLookImport Dataset field.
If ControlType is FirmwareUpdate.
ControlType (FirmwareUpdate) can be set only when the device property Firmware Update Command
```c
Version is Enable (0x01) and the value ≧ 0x00000065(0d101).
```
Set the value of Firmware Update Command Version to Version of FirmwareUpdate Dataset field.
Refer to Perform a Firmware Update in Tips for how to use it.
If ControlType is SceneFileImport.
Set the index value of the import destination (Scene1 to Scene16).
ControlType (SceneFileImport) can be set only when the device property SceneFile Upload Operation
Enable Status is Enabled.
Set the value of SceneFile Command Version to Version of FirmwareUpdate Dataset field.
If ControlType is CustomGridLineFileImport.
The character code of FileName is UTF-8.
Set the index value of the import destination.
ControlType (CustomGridLineFileImport) can be set only when the device property
CustomGridLineFile Command Version is Enabled.
Set the value of CustomGridLineFile Command Version to Version of CustomGridLineFileImport
Dataset field.
If CustomGridLineFileName, including the terminating null character, exceeds 256 bytes, the response
will be an Invalid Parameter.
Camera Control PTP 3 Reference
