# Page 42

</X_DigitalImagingDeviceInfo>
</scpd>
Connection by SSH
SSH can be used for access authentication, connection path encryption, and host verification. For camera
compatibility, refer to DigitalImagingDesc.xml.
It is recommended to enable SSH connections. Please review the license agreement carefully and use this
product at your own risk. Sony cannot make any warranty on this product including its security.
If SSH connections are enabled, PTP-IP connections to TCP port 15740 are not possible. A PTP-IP
connection must always be established in a port-forwarded local port via an SSH connection.
How to Use SSH Connections
Prepare an SSH client.
Perform SSH port forwarding to the camera’s localhost:15740 (SSH port number is 22).
Do not execute SSH remote commands.
Set SSH user/password in the network settings for access authentication.
The supported encryption cipher is aes128-ctr.
When connecting via SSH, refer to the access authentication information fingerprint to ensure a match.
Example using OpenSSH command:
ssh -c aes128-ctr -N -L 15740:localhost:15740 UserName@192.168.122.1
Note: The command above establishes an SSH tunnel with port forwarding, where -c aes128-ctr
specifies the encryption cipher and -N indicates that no remote commands Initiate the PTP-IP connection
using the port-forwarded localhost:15740.
Connection by Pairing
If X_PTP_PairingNecessity is set to 'Enable' in DigitalImagingDesc.xml, the pairing operation is required.
This operation is necessary for models that do not support SSH, or when SSH functionality is turned off
(Access Authen set to off).
For details of the pairing operation, please refer to the help guide for the specific model. Initiate PTP-IP
connection with the pairing menu displayed on the camera. In response to the Init Command Request from
the Initiator, the camera displays the 'Friendly Name' provided by the initiator and requests connection
access. The connection is permitted only if the user grants permission via the camera, at which point an Init
Command Ack is sent, allowing the PTP-IP connection sequence to continue. The camera saves the GUID
once it is approved, which is only necessary for the first connection because up to 20 entries can be stored.
Camera Control PTP 3 Reference
