# Page 8

```c
com::sony::imaging::remote::socc_ptp::clear_halt(int what = 0)
```
If your back end needs to clear the HALT/STALL status of USB endpoints from the front end,
implement this method. In this example, the library clears BULK IN, BULK OUT, and Interrupt IN
endpoints at the same time if the parameter what is zero.
```c
com::sony::imaging::remote::socc_ptp::reset()
```
If your back end needs to reset the USB bus from the front end, implement this method. In this
example, the library calls the reset function of the back end.
CLI
The CLI executes PTP commands and outputs the logs and an object (content) to a file. It is easy to
confirm the camera behavior and to compare the behavior with your code because, one by one, the PTP
command can be executed from a shell.
The source code parts of the CLI are described below:
Analysis Command Line Option: main.cpp
Server/Client: The server and client model is employed for keeping a USB connection. See
serverclient.h
Primitive and Utility command: command.h
Dataset Parser: parser.h
Command Reference
The CLI needs to be executed in the root user for the permission of the USB device node. The
environment variable LD_LIBRARY_PATH should contain a path to the out/lib/ directory.
control send --op=OperationCode [--p1=param1] [--p2=param2] [--p3=param3] [--
p4=param4] [--p5=param5] [--size=size] [--data=data] [--log=logfile] [--
bus=busN] [--dev=devN]
This command is used for an Initiator-to-Responder operation. The operation consists of sending an
operation code and five parameters, sending data, and receiving a response.
The communication log is appended to the end of the file specified with the parameter --log. The log
includes the time, sent command, and response. If the parameter --log is set to - or omitted, the log
will be written to the stdout.
The operation is sent to the bus number specified with the parameter --bus and the device number
specified with the parameter --dev. Use the lsusb command to obtain these numbers. If these
numbers are omitted, the CLI finds a device automatically.
If the parameter --size is set to string, this command sends the data specified with the parameter --
data as a string.
If the parameter --size is set to file, this command recognizes the parameter --data as a file name
and sends the file content.
If the parameters --data and --size are omitted, this command executes an operation without data.
Camera Control PTP Example Instruction Manual
