# Page 9

control recv --op=OperationCode [--p1=param1] [--p2=param2] [--p3=param3] [--
p4=param4] [--p5=param5] [--of=outfile] [--log=logfile] [--bus=busN] [--
dev=devN]
This command is used for a Responder-to-Initiator operation. The operation consists of sending an
operation code and five parameters, receiving data, and receiving a response. The data will be written
```c
into the file specified with the parameter --of. If the parameter --of is set to - or omitted, the data
```
outputs to the stdout.
control wait [--log=logfile] [--bus=busN] [--dev=devN]
Waits an event. The event code and the parameters are written in the file specified with the parameter -
-log.
control clear [--bus=busN] [--dev=devN]
When Bulk-in and Bulk-out endpoints of the USB are stalled, recover from it by calling this. STALL
occurs when sending an invalid operation (e.g., wrong operation code or parameters). If this command
succeeds, commands such as send and recv can be executed.
control reset [--bus=busN] [--dev=devN]
When an unrecoverable error occurs, for example, a clear command returns an error, the device may
recover by executing this command. Then, the USB connection is down, and another open command is
needed to be executed.
control open [--log=logfile] [--bus=busN] [--dev=devN]
Opens a new session.
control close [--log=logfile] [--bus=busN] [--dev=devN]
Closes the open session.
control auth [--log=logfile] [--bus=busN] [--dev=devN]
Executes an authentication sequence.
control getall [--if=infile] [--of=outfile] [--log=logfile] [--bus=busN] [--
dev=devN]
Executes the operation SDIO_GetAllExtDevicePropInfo, parses the result, and writes all data into the
file specified with the parameter --of. If the parameter --if is given, this command only parses the
specified file as the output file of a getall command. If the parameter --if is set to -, this command
reads the data from the stdin instead of a file.
control get DevicePropertyCode [--if=infile] [--of=outfile] [--log=logfile] [--
bus=busN] [--dev=devN]
Executes the operation SDIO_GetAllExtDevicePropInfo, parses the result, and writes the
SDIDevicePropInfo dataset into the file specified with the parameter --of.
control getobject handle [--of=outfile] [--log=logfile] [--bus=busN] [--
dev=devN]
Executes the GetObject operation for handle and writes the object data into the file specified with the
parameter --of.
Camera Control PTP Example Instruction Manual
