# Page 6

libstdc++6: 14.2.0-4ubuntu2~24.04
libstdc++-11-dev: 11.5.0-1ubuntu1~24.04
How to Build
1. Unpack the sources
2. Move to the top-level directory
3. Type make
To run the example programs, please refer to the CLI section.
Example Library (libcameracontrolptp)
This library is an example library to perform PTP/USB connection and PTP transfer. It is used from the
CLI front-end program. It is designed for libusb-1.0 as a USB back end. If your system has your USB
back end or PTP back end, please use it instead. If you use libusb-1.0, please follow its license.
API Reference
If a method has a return value, it will be zero on success and non-zero on failure.
```c
com::sony::imaging::remote::socc_ptp::connect()
```
connect() connects to the target device and makes it possible to start a PTP transaction. The bus
number and device number of the target device should be given with the constructor’s parameters. This
example tries to connect automatically for the first PTP device found in the enumeration if the bus
number and device number are zero.
```c
com::sony::imaging::remote::socc_ptp::disconnect()
```
disconnect() should disconnect from the target device and release every resource if needed.
```c
com::sony::imaging::remote::socc_ptp::send(uint16_t code, uint32_t* params,
```
uint8_t nparam, Container& response, void* data, uint32_t size)
send() is a method to perform PTP transactions.
code: OpperationCode in OperationRequest dataset
params: uint32_t array for parameter fields in the request phase
nparam: The number of parameters
response: The response dataset that is received in the response phase
Container is defined in socc_types.h as follows:
```c
typedef struct _Container{
```
uint16_t code;
uint32_t session_id;
uint32_t transaction_id;
uint32_t param1;
uint32_t param2;
uint32_t param3;
uint32_t param4;
Camera Control PTP Example Instruction Manual
