# Page 7

uint32_t param5;
uint8_t  nparam; // Number of used parameters
```c
} Container;
```
send() sends operations with/without a data phase. If the operation has a data phase, the data
parameter should be a pointer to the buffer to send, and the size parameter should be the length of the
buffer in bytes. If the operation has no data phase, the data parameter should be NULL, and the size
parameter should be zero.
```c
com::sony::imaging::remote::socc_ptp::receive(uint16_t code, uint32_t* params,
```
uint8_t nparam, Container& response, void** data, uint32_t& size)
receive() is a method to perform PTP transactions.
Some parameters are shared with send().
receive() receives operations with a data phase. The buffer that is needed to receive data from a
device is allocated in this method. It will be disallocated by dispose(). The transferred size in bytes
will be set in the size parameter on success.
```c
com::sony::imaging::remote::socc_ptp::wait_event(Container& container)
```
wait_event() waits for a PTP event and copies the acquired PTP event container to the container
parameter when your back end detects a PTP event. The format of Container is different from the PTP
Event dataset format. Please translate each field.
```c
com::sony::imaging::remote::socc_ptp::dispose_data(void** data)
```
dispose_data() should free allocated buffer by receive(), and set its pointer to NULL.
```c
com::sony::imaging::remote::socc_ptp::set_hotplug_callback(socc_hotplug_callbac
```
k_func_t callback_func, void* vp)
set_hotplug_callback() registers a callback function for USB hot plug detection. The type of
callback function is socc_hotplug_callback_func_t, defined in socc_types.h. The first
parameter of callback stands for USB connection status. Call this callback with
```c
socc_hotplug_event_t::SOCC_HOTPLUG_EVENT_ARRIVED when your back end detects a USB bus
connection, socc_hotplug_event_t::SOCC_HOTPLUG_EVENT_REMOVED for disconnection. These
enum values are defined in socc_types.h as a type. The second parameter of callback is user data. Set
```
the same pointer given by set_hotplug_callback(). socc_hotplug_callback_func_t and
socc_hotplug_event_ are defined in socc_types.h. In this example, the library detects a hotplug
event after calling connect() successfully, only for a device claimed to be used.
```c
typedef enum {
```
SOCC_HOTPLUG_EVENT_UNKNOWN = 0,
SOCC_HOTPLUG_EVENT_ARRIVED = 1,

## SOCC_HOTPLUG_EVENT_REMOVED = 2

```c
} socc_hotplug_event_t;
typedef void(*socc_hotplug_callback_func_t)(socc_hotplug_event_t, void*);
```
Camera Control PTP Example Instruction Manual
