# Page 18

| Initi | ator |
| --- | --- |
|  |  |
| Initiator |  |

| Resp | onder |
| --- | --- |
|  |  |
| Responder |  |

|  | PTP Remote Protocol Connected |  |  |  |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
|  |  |  |  |  |
|  |  |  |  |  |
|  | SDIO GetAllExtDevicePropInfo () _ |  |  |  |
|  | Data (SDIExtDevicePropInfo Dataset Array) |  |  |  |
|  | Response (OK) |  |  |  |
|  | GetObjectInfo (ObjectHandle=0xFFFFC001) |  |  |  |
|  | Data (ObjectInfo Dataset) |  |  |  |
|  | Response (OK) |  |  |  |
|  | GetObject (ObjectHandle=0xFFFFC001) |  |  |  |
|  | Data (Image File Binary) |  |  |  |
|  | Response (OK) |  |  |  |

S1 indicates the half-pressing shutter release button, and S2 is the full-pressing shutter release button.
Therefore, the Initiator can control the interval from push to release using the S2 on/off. But this should
emulate the camera’s hardware operation; the Initiator should call in proper order like S1 on → S2 on → S2
off → S1 off. If the Initiator does not send data in the proper order, the camera’s behavior is not ensured. By
contrast, a one-shot release command can be used independently. Therefore, that if the camera is in an
acceptable mode (single-shot drive mode), the Initiator can send a one-shot release command anytime.
Note: The Initiator cannot obtain the shooting results. If the device property Shooting File Info is not zero,
```c
and the most significant bit (0x8000) is set, the camera shoots, and the image is stored in the buffer.
```
The Initiator can send a differential for up/down controls such as the F-number, shutter speed, ISO, exposure
compensation, and flash compensation. For example, a differential is one step plus/minus or two steps
plus/minus. The results of the change will only be sent to the Initiator if it queries the device property values
again.
Get Image File
Get a File Sequence:
Responder
Initiator
Responder
Initiator
PTP Remote Protocol Connected
SDIO_GetAllExtDevicePropInfo ()
Data (SDIExtDevicePropInfo Dataset Array)
Response (OK)
```c
GetObjectInfo (ObjectHandle=0xFFFFC001)
```
Data (ObjectInfo Dataset)
Response (OK)
```c
GetObject (ObjectHandle=0xFFFFC001)
```
Data (Image File Binary)
Response (OK)
The Initiator uses the GetObject command to obtain the image file from the buffer. To obtain the image in the
```c
buffer, use 0xFFFFC001 as the object handle. This fixed value always indicates the first file to be transferred.
```
The Initiator should get the same object handle repeatedly until the value of the device property Shooting File
Info becomes zero.
Camera Control PTP 2 Reference
