# Page 19

GetObjectInfo (a PTP standard command) is also available. The Initiator can understand the file type based
on the object-format value in the ObjectInfo structure.
In the DCF (Exif) specification, if the image file has “AdobeRGB” color space, the image file name should
start with “_” (e.g., _DSC0000.JPG). However, the Initiator cannot obtain the color space information from
GetObjectInfo. The Initiator then needs to parse the Exif tags in the image.
When the Initiator sets “RAW+JPEG” or “RAW+HEIF” as the file format, you might want to distinguish the
pair of RAW and JPEG or RAW and HEIF. To do this, check the sequence number in the ObjectInfo
```c
structure that the Initiator can obtain using GetObjectInfo. The file order is JPEG/HEIF, then RAW.
```
Therefore, if the image the Initiator receives is a RAW file, the previous image is a JPEG or HEIF file, and
the sequence numbers are the same, it would be the RAW and JPEG/HEIF pair. But the sequence number
starts from the same value each time you turn on the camera; if you shoot one JPEG/HEIF via remote and
turn off and on the camera, then you shoot one RAW, those JPEG/HEIF and RAW would have the same
sequence number. Checking the Exif date time is necessary to distinguish the pair.
After shooting a still image, it must get an image like the “Get a File Sequence” above. It is necessary to
obtain the device property Shooting File Info to confirm the number of images before content transfer.
Images exist: GetObjectInfo and GetObject must be executed repeatedly the number of images times. No
image: GetObjectInfo and GetObject need not be executed.
Camera Control PTP 2 Reference
